I read that right?
This female genius monkey actually knelt down for him
God of Wealth
He turned out to be the God of Wealth
He's the Valkyrie.
God of Wealth again
Double minister
Once in a millennium
This is impossible
That's not going to happen.
Disjoint lower rings of Trea
A mere gatekeeper of the Temple of Wealth
How dare you be so rude to adults
Please also punish the adults a lot
Fang Ge
My queen mother is crazy
He is talking nonsense.
How could he be the God of Wealth?
Shut up at this moment you
You don't know your crime
plead guilty
Let me confess to this blind man
wishful thinking
Hello, send me 50,000 marketing army elite immediately
Surround me
Not a single one will be left at the Fangjia venue next week.
From now on, I, Lord Qin, will be the God of Wealth of the Temple of Wealth
The surname Qin, you are so big
Don't you know?
You have been removed from the Temple of Wealth
Do you still want to implicate our Yingxiao Army now?
court death
There's no cure.
Lord God of Wealth
I have no eyes
It's me, I don't know the sky and the earth
Please give me a chance
Cut me some slack!
The Temple of Wealth has scum like you to make a fortune
It's unfortunate next week
The misfortune of the world
The misfortune of the Temple of Wealth
Expel this person from the Temple of Wealth from today
Exile in Mobei
I will never step into next week